# Hi my love

You know I struggle to find the words to fully describe all of her,<br>
pretty tall because I can stare into her eyes without ever looking down .  messy dark hair , equally funny as she is kind . The type of girl that makes sure I know that<br>
I never leave her mind . she's a lot like me , speaks English at home, because she makes an effort opening up to me, no matter how little, we will get there .<br>
I would love to ask her hand for this dance , a bit like salsa dance , it's a little traditional, I know <br>
But it helps to suss out the ones that were always meant to go.  Creative, ambitious, hardworking, and fun. For her I'm not a second choice.  For her I've always been the only one. Sensitive , Honest , Empathetic , Skilled , A little stubborn sometimes because she's very strong-willed .  In making me feel wanted , In making the house feel more warm .<br>
She's sunshine on a winter's day ,  She's the rainbow after the storm , the golden retriever girlfriend .   would she like a brown puppy?  Would she love a man who knows has only known how to love little ,  how would she feel about that?  Because you are so beautiful I do cartwheels in my brain .  the thought of her makes me dizzy because how could I ever explain? That She's around when I need her, that she's there even if I don't
That she'll love me on the days when maybe many around me won't.
That her eyes aren't just pretty. That they sparkle like glass
That I'm a marble of a lover just letting her light pass .   That she doesn't just smile , She steals the stars from the sky, That even God must have cried. Went to her said goodbye with To put her on earth , some angel must be up there mourning . Said , "give her a good soulmate This is your one and only warning" .
So God made you patient ,   God made you wait . God promised your angel you wouldn't meet me too late .   Calming, punctual, goal-oriented, the best friend .<br>
She's the kind of character the audience roots for to confess their love before the end .
Gentle , intelligent , a surprise I always knew .
So tell me why do you ask yourself about my type? When you know my type is you!


Yours truly, Dave